hey people welcome back today today
I with you my november favorites
through the month is almost back
to the end and I can not find any
I know it all works so fast now
is already december so almost december
if we probably see that yet
Not
and yes I would say we catch
just take a look
I just start with my biggest one
favorites and that has nothing to do with it
Make-up or anything else
but with catching fire i want it
Of course, it's clear that I'm one of those
real vennemann i am called it
I think so I should you there
hunger games fan and i found the movie
just perfect for those who still have it
did not look
look at it I can do it for you
really highly recommend and me
I'll go in with you now
my mother together and then
maybe also with others
so probably still people
a thousand times and yes that's my ultra
I just liked the occupation
pop and everything else top I have
also a detailed review
I can do that again below
I would like to link you now
no longer full but then
let's start with my yes
make-up favorites resp
I do not have this 2 things through this
have totally great month and have
I once fruit case already that here the
is cream oil from valea and
with apple and cinnamon fragrance and me
think that's really great so I have
Never even had a peeling why
always
and that smells really really great and
so beautiful after christmas than i am
currently a bit in
That's why I have her Christmas spirit
In addition also a shower bought and
if my mother is looking at the
pretty much kill it though
okay i am sorry i still have that
They did not buy from Trinke Trecker now
can how to pronounce it and that
now also a shower chandler and the
not really great after cinnamon
really great
right there and yes I think that costs
that's about four euros for that reason
shower gel I actually give you do
never play out more than 1 euro 50 though
I mean 500 milliliters and that's why
I could then move to it
to buy that and
I've used it once too
but only because of the fragrance I think
really great and I can you
recommend it is unfortunately a limited
edition that means I do not know if it
but now maybe there could be
he still strike if you too
I want to have such a make-up moderately
I almost say I actually have
nothing I have now two most used
lipsticks I can show you
and once this is the one I have
even in the last favorites video
uploaded I just find it one
perfect everyday lipstick that is
again from the p2 the color 012 kartner
Street
that is such a pretty neutral one
position and I have now
just on the lips i find him
just great and that's why I had him
just show it again
then I have one more, I think so
I have also shown him more often
is of nothing in the color 0
not nothing with 963 new pumpkin pie
I've also had that for over one
year and it is such a beautiful apricot
I have no idea
and he is now almost reading
I will definitely be
buy the cost of five euros believe
I and I have this month too
then a bit often uses then
I have nail polish for you and that
I've used it very often
is it out of his current limited
edition the color fats interest that
is such a gray blue I think so
totally beautiful on the nails and yes
then I have one more from butt london
And that's the color I find then
here the color nests
I have to say so I think that
I have a very nice color now
on the nails is such a pink sun
as a pink color with silver twitter
Particles and but I really like that
just because of the color i find butter
London
I have the cost 18 euros the paints
or 15 euro there as well
and I find that firstly much too expensive
and secondly, I'm ok with my ok
quality and so it actually has
Not at all because the drivers are really
but that's the way it goes
do not recommend you but the color
I like it and I have it back then
sold for five euros because he is in one
Final sale was not sold me
I bought it
nice color then I actually have
no longer such a cosmetic but
just show yourself a bit
jewelery I loved this month he loved
have and once the ring here
I've got on instagram
posted and indeed it is such a beautiful
golden ring with one of yours in the
in the middle of some one somehow
Every one of my favorite videos comes
something with an owl before so no
idea
I found that really nice in me
not bought but by one
I bought a coupon somehow
one more
I have then redeemed the bike
First I have to buy for, I think
96 and then I have something for you
want to show and indeed this chain the
I had already often and now
have it synonymous in my last videos
always shown to you and undoubtedly clock
so medallion with his with the
sport keeps going on it again
and with its ur the chain has
not the chain the chain gave me that
for a birthday rc from so
from amsterdam from a flea market and
a real one that you can count on them too
for example , if you buy
you want to know if you can buy the
a look at rc since there are definitely
case and then I have another chain
And yes, I'm full of the eh anyway
Statement captain performs this is not
clue and this is from h & m the
were sold out for a while and me
've found the very nice so mine
mother bought herself and me
I've seen that on the way
thought oh god i compare right
somehow down from the neck but I well
I pulled myself together and the chain
I got then from my mother
when i have ever seen it as the
reproduction
and thanks again mum and yes
I love these kettles
By the way, in the driver there is one
similar ones like this one
this from tara for five euros in white
and if you are looking for such a chain
I think that is synonymous as
something with the beads always on ebay
sold 460 euro I think so completely
honestly who gives the 60 euro for having
sarah chain so if you have one
want to have a look at primark times
five euros
fits yes and then still clothing moderately
I have a few things for you and
Although once this scarf with so pink
then I found it very nice because he
well matched i bought myself
even a black and fits
short of a winter jacket
the scarf fits like fits well the
is high speed I think that has
seven euros 95 so it costs
also from the price
and then I still have a cardigan
I want to show you and here
this one down a bit longer
you also get dressed
I had that with my last
game with me on how is of primark for
I think 14 euros but could me
Fool now and somehow
so I really like you so much
I have been looking for and for the longer
award-it's all totally like that and I think
then I'm already through me
galloped through a bit today
because it was always afraid just ten
minutes to make videos for you and yes
always boring if you stay that long
I hope you have videos
and we'll see each other
the next time again ciao